Now let's add the same set of tests for the just module so we will have another it each here and we
are going to have
this check to the karma test.
So we have the pet and title and we have this description like this.
So we have the VAT and title and the first part is root and the title is home and the test description
is this one it has a link with.
Title two.
Pet and test is going to be async and we have pat and title parameters in this test.
And implementation is we are going to call the setup with the pad.
It doesn't really matter which page is rendered at this point, but the pad is the setup is taking the
pad attributes.
So we are just passing one and we are going to get the link and we can query the link based on the role.
So screen query by role and we can use the role type of query and the type is link.
And the text we are looking for is the the title here.
So we have the link and we are expecting this link to be in the document.
So let's save this one.
So this is working.
And let's add the test for the other URL so we will have a link for this sign up.
Having this sign up.
Title and looking for the login formatting the the file here saving it.
And these are passing.
And the next test was for the navigation and we have the initial pad clicking to visible page.
So I'm just going to copy the title to the test description here.
So we will have another it each and it's going to be calling this
function.
So we have this test and we have.
Initial visual pad clicking to and visible page.
So initial path is going to be homepage and we are going to click to the
sign up link and we expect the sign up page to be visible.
And when the page is sign up and when we click to home, we are going to see the home page.
And when we are in the home page and we click to the log in and we are going to see the login page.
So it displays visible page after clicking, clicking to link.
And let's take all these variables, initial pad clicking to and visible page.
And in the test again, we are going to call sit up, sit up with the initial pad.
Then we will get to the link.
And we will get it by the clicking.
Then we are going to click to this link and for the events we are using, it's important that it's user
event from testing library user event.
So we are going to.
Click through this link element and we are going to await user event, click to the link.
We have an error here because this query by role is either returning the element or returns null.
And previously we have seen let's open the sign up component just tests.
So we were using this get by version of it and the get by is basically returning the the element there
is no option like it's returned to null.
If that element is not there, it's throwing exception.
So for these links, we can go with the get by role.
So this is returning the element and we are clicking to the element.
Then the page will be navigated.
So we are going to wait for that page to be visible.
And for that part we have another query which is find by and we are going to create the test ID and
the test ID is this visible page and this is async.
So we are going to wait here and let's say this is the page and we expect page to be in the document.
Actually, we don't need to do this because if the page is not there, like if this is not visible,
this is also throwing exception.
So it is making the test fail if we don't have the the matching element.
But for like this is a final assertion.
So let's be a bit verbose here.
So let's save this one.
And the tests are passing.